BIKE SHOP SYSTEM
The (insert your preferred name) is a small neighborhood bike store located in (your area). they offer various  products such as whole built bikes, frames, brakes, forks, wheel sets, drivetrain group sets and other bike parts. Accessories such helmets, shoes, jerseys,shorts,masks,sports glasses and the likes are also sold here. these parts and accessories are sourced from local and international suppliers.
Online Purchases are accepted and can be delivered to your location with a corresponding shipping fee.
the shop provides different services such as bike cleaning, tuneup, and repair. Bike mechanics are on duty to serve the cyclist's needs. Mechanics are paid a percentage of the cost of a particular service.
Unit test 1 20pts
Design the bike shop database and create an Entity relationship Diagram based on the following:
1. customers can buy one or more products.
2. products and accessories are to be categorized by type(e.g. whole bikes,frame, brakes, wheels, tyres,pedals,clothing,shoes etc.)
3. a product can have many brands (e.g. a frame has many brands like giant, niner,sta.cruz etc.) and a brand can have many different products (shimano produces brakes,hubs,pedals)
4. a supplier can deliver different types of products or accessories.
5. a product or accessory can be bought from many suppliers.
6. cyclists can have their bikes serviced by any mechanic multiple times.
7. A mechanic can work on many bicycles.
Apply cascade delete on foreign keys.
Tables should be in at least 2NF and at most 3NF.
Import the SQL script that will be generated by MySQL workbench into XAMPP. 
Machine Problem 1 (10pts) //
Create CRUD script for products//
mp2 (10pts)
Create CRUD script for customers //
mp3 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for accessories // 
mp4 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for bike services//
mp5 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for mechanics //
mp6 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for suppliers //
mp7 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for brands//
mp8 (10pts)
Create CRUD function for operating expenses//
(i.e. electricity, rent,water,others)
mp9 (5pts) //
Create a function that will create the formula to compute the wage of the mechanic.
 the percentage from the cost of bike service is to be entered by the owner.
mp10 (5pts) //
search and display on datagrid a customer's bike service record
mp11 (5pts)  //
search and display a customer's purchase record
mp12 (5pts) //
search and display a supplier's delivery record
Unit 1 (20pts) //
Create a customer order with delivery transaction function(15pts)
generate a receipt in crystal reports(5pts)
Unit 2 (20pts) //
Create a transaction between bike shop and product suppliers.(15pts)
generate a receipt in crystal reports(5pts)


Quiz 1 (10pts) //
create a sales report (daily, monthly, yearly)
quiz2 (10pts) //
create an expense report (daily, monthly, yearly)
 includes salary, cost price of products ordered from suppliers and miscellaneous expenses
quiz 3 (10pts)//
create individual mechanic salary report(daily, monthly, yearly)
quiz 4 (10pts)
create net income report(daily, monthly, yearly)





Term test (30pts max) choose any or all of the following:
1. Create a login function for mechanics and shop owner. (15pts)//
2. after the mechanic's login, a form will display the  profile, wages and the services that the mechanic has rendered(15pts)
3. Create a transaction for bike shop services.(10pts) 
a mechanic would be assigned for each service(10pts)
generate a receipt in crystal reports(5pts)

You can add other functions that will enhance/improve the project.
Additional points will be given if project is exceptionally done, has zero or few errors and finished early. 
Additional points will be given if UI design is clean,appropriate and has easy to use navigation 
full point credits will be given if you correctly answer questions  about code and SQL queries.
Progress will be checked every week.
this is a one student project. you can collaborate with your classmates but do not let them copy your work. 
These requirements can change during project development.